README.md, before:

# jackledead_armory
CDDA mod to add Ukrainian firearms and some of my own design. Includes 46+ gun mods. Also adds professions to make the weapons and mods more accessible.

## How to install:
1. Click the green button in the top and download as a zip
2. Extract and then
3. simply put jackledead_armory/mods/jackledead_armory in your data/mods/ folder

## Weapons
### Real:
Snipex Alligator: Firing the massive 14.5x114mm anti material round, this sniper is no joke.

Fort-221: The Fort-221 is a Ukrainian-made pistol that is similar in appearance to the Walther PPK. It is a compact and reliable firearm that is popular with law enforcement and military units in Ukraine.

Vepr: The Vepr is a Ukrainian-made rifle that is based on the AK-47 design. It is a rugged and reliable firearm that is often used by Ukrainian military and law enforcement units.

Tavor X95: While not exclusively Ukrainian, the Tavor X95 is manufactured in Ukraine under license from the Israeli company IWI. It is a versatile and compact rifle that is used by Ukrainian special forces and other military units.

Zbroyar Z-15: The Zbroyar Z-15 is a precision rifle that is made in Ukraine. It is designed for long-range shooting and is often used by Ukrainian hunters and sport shooters.

Gepard M3: The Gepard is a Ukrainian-made anti-materiel rifle that is designed to penetrate armor at long ranges. It is a powerful and accurate firearm that is used by Ukrainian military units.

UKM 2000: The UKM is a Ukrainian-made heavy machine gun that has been widely used by the Ukrainian Armed Forces and other military units in Ukraine. It is known for its reliability and versatility.

Fort 14TP pistol: 14 round 9x18mm usually loaded with fmjs. Set to be the new pistol of the UAF.

### Fictional:
VP Scout rifle: The VP Scout is a compact and lightweight rifle designed for reconnaissance and stealth missions. It features a bullpup configuration and a folding stock, allowing for easy storage and transportation. The gun is chambered in the powerful 7.62x54r cartridge, making it effective at long ranges while still remaining compact.

Tos 30 submachine gun: A lightweight Eastern European submachine gun intended for internal security and police units, chambered in 9x18mm Makarov.

Tos 84 semi-automatic shotgun: Akin to a saiga. Used by close quarters swat. 

### Existing:
Made makarovs, mosins more common.

## Gun Mods:

blue_laser_sight

blue_pistol_scope

classic_handguard

combat_knife_bayonet

compact_holo_sight

compact_pistol_scope

compact_red_dot_sight

double_action_trigger

enhanced_pistol_scope

gold_iron_sights

green_dot_sight

green_holo

green_holo_sight

green_laser_sight

grip_ergonomic

grip_heavy

grip_light

hair_trigger

heavy_grip

heavy_long_choke

heavy_muzzle_brake

hunting_rifle_scope

light_stock_grip

lightweight_dot_sight

lightweight_handguard

long_range_acog

long_range_rifle_scope

long_suppressor

magnified_red_dot

offset_rail_laser

orange_dot_sight

purple_dot_sight

purple_laser_sight

red_laser_sight

red_pistol_scope

short_light_choke

short_suppressor

small_muzzle_brake

tactical_grip

tactical_handguard

tactical_holo_sight

tactical_rifle_scope

tactical_shotgun_scope

two_stage_trigger

yellow_laser_sight

holo_magnifier_2

holo_magnifier_4

## Professions:

Black Sea Mafia Boss: Start with Vepr, Fort 221, cigarettes, lighter, cell phone, blazer, dress shirt, pants. I'm sure he's a nice guy. A little OP, statted at 8 points but really meant to be used for roleplay and fun.

Black Sea Swat Officer: Start with Tos 30 and Fort 221.

Black Sea Police Recon-Rifleman: Start with a scoped VP Scout and a Fort 221

Black Sea CQC Specialist Swat: Start with Tos 84 shotgun and Fort 14 pistol.

Ukrainian Rifle Hunter: Start with Zbroyar Z-15 semi auto stanag-accepting rifle. 1+1 mags.

Ukrainian Park Ranger: Start with Zbroyar Z-15 and Fort-221 pistol. Extra ammo. Heavy loudout like base game. Pickup truck.

Ukrainian Police Officer: Start with Fort-221 pistol and mags.

Ukrainian Rifleman: Armed with Vepr rifle and Fort 14 pistol.

Ukrainian Automatic Rifleman: Armed with UKM 2000 machinegun and Fort 14 pistol.

Ukrainian Special Forces Rifleman: Armed with suppressed sighted Tavor x95 rifle and Fort 14 pistol.

Ukrainian Anti-Material Sniper: Armed with Gepard M3 .50 cal sniper and fort 14 pistol.

Ukrainian Special Anti-Material Sniper: Armed with the massive Snipex Alligator chambered in 14.5x114mm, and the Forst 14 pistol.

Survivor (Kickass): Locked and loaded, ready for the apocalypse. Starts with hybrid car, Vepr and Fort 14, multitool and other goodies.

## Suggested Tileset
#### ASCII/RETRODAYS: Simple means more imagination to fill your mind.
#### UNDEAD PEOPLE TILESET: [github.com/Theawesomeboophis/UndeadPeopleTileset](https://github.com/Theawesomeboophis/UndeadPeopleTileset) Looks great with the guns from jackledead armory, is very visible and fun. Great mods compatibility.
#### Ultica: Realistic.

## Suggested Mods for use with this mod
#### [Jackledead Infected Mod Github](https://github.com/jackledead/jackledead_infected) for that fast running infected zombie  apocalypse feel.

## Additional Mods you may be interested in
#### My repo of the exclusions mods anthology by Kenan [CDDA-CBN-Jackledead-NoMods-Collection](https://github.com/jackledead/CDDA-CBN-Jackledead-NoMods-Collection)

## Special Thanks
#### My Wife for being my biggest fan.
#### Phoenix of the Chorus for getting me back into modding by pointing out a simple old bug I accidentally left in dinomod.
#### LyleSY and the Dino Gang. Long live laser spinosaurus.
#### Kenan and Kenan's modding discord server and modpack [Kenans Modpack CDDA Github](https://github.com/Kenan2000/CDDA-Structured-Kenan-Modpack)
#### All contributers to CDDA and BN
#### All modders of CDDA and BN who use Github.
#### and Lastly those modders who use other strange websites like google drive to post their mods.

Commit message:

Updated the guns to represent their real world counterparts better, country of origin, name, and so on.

README.md, after:

# jackledead_armory
CDDA mod to add Ukrainian firearms and some of my own design. Includes 46+ gun mods. Also adds professions to make the weapons and mods more accessible.

## How to install (Latest CDDA Experimental):
1. Click the green button in the top and download as a zip
2. Extract and then
3. simply put jackledead_armory/mods/jackledead_armory in your data/mods/ folder

## Weapons
### Real:
Snipex Alligator: Firing the massive 14.5x114mm anti material round, this sniper is no joke. Place of origin: Ukraine

Fort-221 pistol: The Fort-221 is a Ukrainian-made pistol that is similar in appearance to the Walther PPK. It is a compact and reliable firearm that is popular with law enforcement and military units in Ukraine.

Vepr: The Vepr is a Ukrainian-made bullpup rifle that is based on the AK-74 design. It is a rugged and reliable firearm that is often used by Ukrainian military and law enforcement units.

Fort-224: While not exclusively Ukrainian, the Fort-224 is manufactured in Ukraine under license from the Israeli company IWI. It is a variant of the Tavor x95. It is a versatile and compact rifle that is used by Ukrainian special forces and other military units.

Zbroyar Z-15: The Zbroyar Z-15 is a precision rifle that is made in Ukraine. It is designed for long-range shooting and is often used by Ukrainian hunters and sport shooters.

Gepard M3: The Gepard is an anti-materiel rifle from Hungary that is designed to penetrate armor at long ranges. It is a powerful and accurate firearm.

UKM 2000: The UKM is a Polish heavy machine gun that has been widely used by the Ukrainian Armed Forces and other military units in Ukraine. It is known for its reliability and versatility.

Fort 14TP pistol: 14 round 9x18mm usually loaded with fmjs. Set to be the new pistol of the UAF.

### Fictional:
VP Scout rifle: The VP Scout is a compact and lightweight rifle designed for reconnaissance and stealth missions. It features a bullpup configuration and a folding stock, allowing for easy storage and transportation. The gun is chambered in the powerful 7.62x54r cartridge, making it effective at long ranges while still remaining compact.

Tos 30 submachine gun: A lightweight Eastern European submachine gun intended for internal security and police units, chambered in 9x18mm Makarov.

Tos 84 semi-automatic shotgun: Akin to a saiga. Used by close quarters swat. 

### Existing:
Made makarovs, mosins more common.

## Gun Mods:

blue_laser_sight

blue_pistol_scope

classic_handguard

combat_knife_bayonet

compact_holo_sight

compact_pistol_scope

compact_red_dot_sight

double_action_trigger

enhanced_pistol_scope

gold_iron_sights

green_dot_sight

green_holo

green_holo_sight

green_laser_sight

grip_ergonomic

grip_heavy

grip_light

hair_trigger

heavy_grip

heavy_long_choke

heavy_muzzle_brake

hunting_rifle_scope

light_stock_grip

lightweight_dot_sight

lightweight_handguard

long_range_acog

long_range_rifle_scope

long_suppressor

magnified_red_dot

offset_rail_laser

orange_dot_sight

purple_dot_sight

purple_laser_sight

red_laser_sight

red_pistol_scope

short_light_choke

short_suppressor

small_muzzle_brake

tactical_grip

tactical_handguard

tactical_holo_sight

tactical_rifle_scope

tactical_shotgun_scope

two_stage_trigger

yellow_laser_sight

holo_magnifier_2

holo_magnifier_4

## Professions:

Black Sea Mafia Boss: Start with Vepr, Fort 221, cigarettes, lighter, cell phone, blazer, dress shirt, pants. I'm sure he's a nice guy. A little OP, statted at 8 points but really meant to be used for roleplay and fun.

Black Sea Swat Officer: Start with Tos 30 and Fort 221.

Black Sea Police Recon-Rifleman: Start with a scoped VP Scout and a Fort 221

Black Sea CQC Specialist Swat: Start with Tos 84 shotgun and Fort 14 pistol.

Ukrainian Rifle Hunter: Start with Zbroyar Z-15 semi auto stanag-accepting rifle. 1+1 mags.

Ukrainian Park Ranger: Start with Zbroyar Z-15 and Fort-221 pistol. Extra ammo. Heavy loudout like base game. Pickup truck.

Ukrainian Police Officer: Start with Fort-221 pistol and mags.

Ukrainian Rifleman: Armed with Vepr rifle and Fort 14 pistol.

Ukrainian Automatic Rifleman: Armed with UKM 2000 machinegun and Fort 14 pistol.

Ukrainian Special Forces Rifleman: Armed with suppressed sighted Fort-224 rifle and Fort 14 pistol.

Ukrainian Anti-Material Sniper: Armed with Gepard M3 .50 cal sniper and fort 14 pistol.

Ukrainian Special Anti-Material Sniper: Armed with the massive Snipex Alligator chambered in 14.5x114mm, and the Forst 14 pistol.

Survivor (Kickass): Locked and loaded, ready for the apocalypse. Starts with hybrid car, Vepr and Fort 14, multitool and other goodies.

## Suggested Tileset
#### ASCII/RETRODAYS: Simple means more imagination to fill your mind.
#### UNDEAD PEOPLE TILESET: [github.com/Theawesomeboophis/UndeadPeopleTileset](https://github.com/Theawesomeboophis/UndeadPeopleTileset) Looks great with the guns from jackledead armory, is very visible and fun. Great mods compatibility.
#### Ultica: Realistic.

## Suggested Mods for use with this mod
#### [Jackledead Infected Mod Github](https://github.com/jackledead/jackledead_infected) for that fast running infected zombie  apocalypse feel.

## Additional Mods you may be interested in
#### My repo of the exclusions mods anthology by Kenan [CDDA-CBN-Jackledead-NoMods-Collection](https://github.com/jackledead/CDDA-CBN-Jackledead-NoMods-Collection)

## Special Thanks
#### My Wife for being my biggest fan.
#### Phoenix of the Chorus for getting me back into modding by pointing out a simple old bug I accidentally left in dinomod.
#### LyleSY and the Dino Gang. Long live laser spinosaurus.
#### Kenan and Kenan's modding discord server and modpack [Kenans Modpack CDDA Github](https://github.com/Kenan2000/CDDA-Structured-Kenan-Modpack)
#### All contributers to CDDA and BN
#### All modders of CDDA and BN who use Github.
#### and Lastly those modders who use other strange websites like google drive to post their mods.
